[Music]
too much
because we
I make you strangers you do not remember
no of me no you beat my brother name
of a bronchi dagger and beheaded
taboo office saw my sister typing my
horse is lowered from my grandfather you
do not remind me of me no I have for
him he in penitentiary has eaten eat
chips
it's long but where were you when
easily anywhere
but you were nowhere
how well
i want to china ad is published
she is not true whole joypad yes
yes here not be they talk to each other
what can we do a lot
pleasure here as a man does you
have with china comac is yes yes she
you absolutely certain of what you
say
fall some play with che
I think he crossed two bars is
like a man is a very good hockey
[Music]
at
you were curious though we were
looked everywhere palpable
and as hesdigneul
no
bastards yet we invited all the
world knows to water to escape from
14 rue du bois all we know it's
a refugee nowhere god you choose
morucci death does it have to agl you
choose the petchi city ​​did not need to
go good old I fucked for bison
hairy dog's size
for a good start rises his strength of
fight it is far beyond the 14
names such stamp
[Music]
toner has arrived bastard you are going to die
crushed by two disciplines that caused me
this garbage
I will see table ok ok ok we forget
that we forget that I said ok we forget that
[Music]
I gathered you here today it is
for something very important
look rather
[Music]
it's jamie table a yellow a yellow a
day a red and gold and it's a map and
a yellow of the boxes but who saw face
singing one dive into the high ground
I know a few
someone else comes in at 22 and
mario
if you require
I would advise you to feed him
good evening miss
loot it will dig
ono
[Music]
if you still want orders reached
Thursday she will not slaughter us past
a lot of seriousness and no it's good
it is a type ste marie
I had gold from you to bah no it's not
true it's not true diaw cha